This is a fork of the Dream Multimedia lib dreamdvd library
The library forms an interface/api between libdvdread/libdvdnav
and the enigma2 dvd handling code.

This fork is made as I made a lot of changes and have no write
access to the original repository. And because the server for the
original repo does not always seem to be online I decided to make
clone on github.

The changes started mainly to optimize menu handling and subtitle
display.  The issue is that menu buttons are often displayed way
to often and sometimes do not appear or seem to display repeatedly
giving a stroboscope effect. Sometimes subtitles are displayed to
early. The reaseon for most of this is that audio/video handling
is handled by hardware that uses caching/buffers creating delays.
Menus and subtitles are on OSD which is taken care of by the
libdreamdvd library itself.  Synchronizing OSD display with the
hardware delays is a hassle...

Gradually many many other changes took place making the library
a bit bigger but with improved functionality, stability,
readability and debugability.

Finally many cosmetic changes, small bug fixes and refactored
code to remove duplicate code and make things more clear.

The current status is
- Resume function works again
- Menu buttons have less stroboscope effect and now always
  show correctly (99%) but still are shown to soon sometimes.
- Subtitle delays more or less fixed, but still may be to
  soon in rare situations
- Implemented frame step mode: up/down keys while in pause
  mode (actually steps are a few frames)
- Implemented slow motion: fast forward/backward keys while
  in pause mode.
- Smooth fastforward mode for speed up to 6x.

The slow motion (and a new fast forward/backward) implementation
require changes to enigma2.

At this time the code seems quite stable but as always: use
at your own risk. Part of the code is very much spagetti code
that needs to be revised some day. It mainly concerns maintaining
the playmode and trickmode states and programming the video
driver for this.

~comments hints patches are welcome!

-Mirakels
mirakels@users.sourceforge.net


